OSDOCS#5140:Adds a step that console supports Operator to specify where to run with CSV suggested namespace (#56747)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-suggested-namespace-node-selector.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-generating-csvs.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="osdk-suggested-namespace-default-node_{context}"]
= Setting a suggested namespace with default node selector

Some Operators expect to run only on primary nodes, which can be done by setting a `nodeSelector` in the Pod spec by the Operator itself.

To avoid getting a duplicated and potential conflicting cluster-wide default `nodeSelector`, you can set a default node selector on the namespace where the Operator runs. The default node selector will take precedence over the cluster default so the cluster default will not be applied to the pods in the Operators namespace.

> When adding the Operator to a cluster using OperatorHub, the web console to auto-populates the suggested namespace for the cluster administrator during the installation process, and the suggested namespace created directly using the namespace manifest in YAML included in the cluster service version (CSV).

Reviewer: verb tense seems weird.

> When adding the Operator to a cluster using OperatorHub, the web console to auto-populates the suggested namespace for the cluster administrator during the installation process, and the suggested namespace created directly using the namespace manifest in YAML included in the cluster service version (CSV).

When adding the Operator to a cluster using OperatorHub, the web console will auto-populate the suggested namespace for the cluster administrator during the installation process, and the suggested namespace will be created directly using the namespace manifest in YAML included in the cluster service version (CSV)

.Procedure

* In your CSV, set the `operatorframework.io/suggested-namespace-template` annotation to your desired target namespace with namespace default node selector specified:
+
[source,yaml]
----
metadata:
  annotations:
    operatorframework.io/suggested-namespace-template: <namespace> <1>
      {
        "apiVersion": "v1",
        "kind": "Namespace",
        "metadata": {
          "name": "vertical-pod-autoscaler-suggested-template",
          "annotations": {
            "openshift.io/node-selector": ""
          }
        }

>       }

Reviewer: No need "<namespace>" in the example, the full YAML is a template includes example name and the annotation inside for default nodeSelector.

So the wording could be:

_In your CSV, set the `operatorframework.io/suggested-namespace-template` annotation with a manifest for a Namespace object._

_The sample below is a manifest for an example Namespace with namespace default node selector specified:_

```
metadata:
  annotations:
    operatorframework.io/suggested-namespace-template: |-
      {
        "apiVersion": "v1",
        "kind": "Namespace",
        "metadata": {
          "name": "vertical-pod-autoscaler-suggested-template",
          "annotations": {
            "openshift.io/node-selector": ""
          }
        }
      }
```

>       }

Reviewer 2: Hi @opayne1,  I would like to suggest adding a note which is `If both suggested-namespace and suggested-namespace-template annotation are present in CSV template should take precedence.`

This means if both annotations are present, the value set in the "suggested-namespace-template" will be the default value displayed on the operator-recommended namespace on OCP Console page

Author: Updated with the note. Thank you!

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-generating-csvs.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="osdk-suggested-namespace-default-node_{context}"]
= Setting a suggested namespace with default node selector

> Some Operators expect to run only on primary nodes, which can be done by setting a `nodeSelector` in the Pod spec by the Operator itself.

Reviewer: > Some Operators expect to run only on _**primary**_ nodes,

This should be "master" nodes, which is one of the node types of an OpenShift/Kubernetes cluster.  Sometimes, "master" nodes and "control plane" nodes are interchangeable, see in OCP doc:
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-managing.html#nodes-nodes-working-master-schedulable_nodes-nodes-jobs

> To avoid getting a duplicated and potential conflicting cluster-wide default `nodeSelector`, you can set a default node selector on the namespace where the Operator runs. The default node selector will take precedence over the cluster default so the cluster default will not be applied to the pods in the Operators namespace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To avoid getting a duplicated and potentially conflicting cluster-wide default `nodeSelector`, you can set a default node selector on the namespace where the Operator runs. The default node selector will take precedence over the cluster default so that the cluster default will not be applied to the pods in the Operators namespace.
```

> When adding the Operator to a cluster using OperatorHub, the web console auto-populates the suggested namespace for the cluster administrator during the installation process. The suggested namespace is created using the namespace manifest in YAML which is included in the cluster service version (CSV).

Author: I tweaked this sentence a bit based on your feedback @tmalove. What are your thoughts on this?

> When adding the Operator to a cluster using OperatorHub, the web console auto-populates the suggested namespace for the cluster administrator during the installation process, and the suggested namespace is created directly using the namespace manifest in YAML included in the cluster service version (CSV).

Reviewer 3: Should there be an 'article' or something else preceding '...manifest in YAML included...' to make that part of the sentence clearer?
